# `ERC1155`

Implementation of the basic standard multi-token.

See https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155

Originally based on code by Enjin: https://github.com/enjin/erc-1155

_Available since v3.1._

## Functions:

- `constructor(string uri_) (public)`

- `uri(uint256) (external)`

- `balanceOf(address account, uint256 id) (public)`

- `balanceOfBatch(address[] accounts, uint256[] ids) (public)`

- `setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool approved) (public)`

- `isApprovedForAll(address account, address operator) (public)`

- `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount, bytes data) (public)`

- `safeBatchTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) (public)`

- `_setURI(string newuri) (internal)`

- `_mint(address account, uint256 id, uint256 amount, bytes data) (internal)`

- `_mintBatch(address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) (internal)`

- `_burn(address account, uint256 id, uint256 amount) (internal)`

- `_burnBatch(address account, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts) (internal)`

- `_beforeTokenTransfer(address operator, address from, address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) (internal)`

### Function `constructor(string uri_) public`

See {_setURI}.

### Function `uri(uint256) → string external`

See {IERC1155MetadataURI-uri}.

This implementation returns the same URI for *all* token types. It relies

on the token type ID substitution mechanism

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata[defined in the EIP].

Clients calling this function must replace the `\{id\}` substring with the

actual token type ID.

### Function `balanceOf(address account, uint256 id) → uint256 public`

See {IERC1155-balanceOf}.

Requirements:

- `account` cannot be the zero address.

### Function `balanceOfBatch(address[] accounts, uint256[] ids) → uint256[] public`

See {IERC1155-balanceOfBatch}.

Requirements:

- `accounts` and `ids` must have the same length.

### Function `setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool approved) public`

See {IERC1155-setApprovalForAll}.

### Function `isApprovedForAll(address account, address operator) → bool public`

See {IERC1155-isApprovedForAll}.

### Function `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 id, uint256 amount, bytes data) public`

See {IERC1155-safeTransferFrom}.

### Function `safeBatchTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) public`

See {IERC1155-safeBatchTransferFrom}.

### Function `_setURI(string newuri) internal`

Sets a new URI for all token types, by relying on the token type ID

substitution mechanism

https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155#metadata[defined in the EIP].

By this mechanism, any occurrence of the `\{id\}` substring in either the

URI or any of the amounts in the JSON file at said URI will be replaced by

clients with the token type ID.

For example, the `https://token-cdn-domain/\{id\}.json` URI would be

interpreted by clients as

`https://token-cdn-domain/000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004cce0.json`

for token type ID 0x4cce0.

See {uri}.

Because these URIs cannot be meaningfully represented by the {URI} event,

this function emits no events.

### Function `_mint(address account, uint256 id, uint256 amount, bytes data) internal`

Creates `amount` tokens of token type `id`, and assigns them to `account`.

Emits a {TransferSingle} event.

Requirements:

- `account` cannot be the zero address.

- If `account` refers to a smart contract, it must implement {IERC1155Receiver-onERC1155Received} and return the

acceptance magic value.

### Function `_mintBatch(address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) internal`

xref:ROOT:erc1155.adoc#batch-operations[Batched] version of {_mint}.

Requirements:

- `ids` and `amounts` must have the same length.

- If `to` refers to a smart contract, it must implement {IERC1155Receiver-onERC1155BatchReceived} and return the

acceptance magic value.

### Function `_burn(address account, uint256 id, uint256 amount) internal`

Destroys `amount` tokens of token type `id` from `account`

Requirements:

- `account` cannot be the zero address.

- `account` must have at least `amount` tokens of token type `id`.

### Function `_burnBatch(address account, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts) internal`

xref:ROOT:erc1155.adoc#batch-operations[Batched] version of {_burn}.

Requirements:

- `ids` and `amounts` must have the same length.

### Function `_beforeTokenTransfer(address operator, address from, address to, uint256[] ids, uint256[] amounts, bytes data) internal`

Hook that is called before any token transfer. This includes minting

and burning, as well as batched variants.

The same hook is called on both single and batched variants. For single

transfers, the length of the `id` and `amount` arrays will be 1.

Calling conditions (for each `id` and `amount` pair):

- When `from` and `to` are both non-zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens

of token type `id` will be  transferred to `to`.

- When `from` is zero, `amount` tokens of token type `id` will be minted

for `to`.

- when `to` is zero, `amount` of ``from``'s tokens of token type `id`

will be burned.

- `from` and `to` are never both zero.

- `ids` and `amounts` have the same, non-zero length.

To learn more about hooks, head to xref:ROOT:extending-contracts.adoc#using-hooks[Using Hooks].
