# `ERC721`

see https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721

## Functions:

- `constructor(string name_, string symbol_) (public)`

- `balanceOf(address owner) (public)`

- `ownerOf(uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `name() (public)`

- `symbol() (public)`

- `tokenURI(uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `baseURI() (public)`

- `tokenOfOwnerByIndex(address owner, uint256 index) (public)`

- `totalSupply() (public)`

- `tokenByIndex(uint256 index) (public)`

- `approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `getApproved(uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool approved) (public)`

- `isApprovedForAll(address owner, address operator) (public)`

- `transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) (public)`

- `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) (public)`

- `_safeTransfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) (internal)`

- `_exists(uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_isApprovedOrOwner(address spender, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_safeMint(address to, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_safeMint(address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) (internal)`

- `_mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_burn(uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_transfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_setTokenURI(uint256 tokenId, string _tokenURI) (internal)`

- `_setBaseURI(string baseURI_) (internal)`

- `_approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

- `_beforeTokenTransfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) (internal)`

### Function `constructor(string name_, string symbol_) public`

Initializes the contract by setting a `name` and a `symbol` to the token collection.

### Function `balanceOf(address owner) → uint256 public`

See {IERC721-balanceOf}.

### Function `ownerOf(uint256 tokenId) → address public`

See {IERC721-ownerOf}.

### Function `name() → string public`

See {IERC721Metadata-name}.

### Function `symbol() → string public`

See {IERC721Metadata-symbol}.

### Function `tokenURI(uint256 tokenId) → string public`

See {IERC721Metadata-tokenURI}.

### Function `baseURI() → string public`

Returns the base URI set via {_setBaseURI}. This will be

automatically added as a prefix in {tokenURI} to each token's URI, or

to the token ID if no specific URI is set for that token ID.

### Function `tokenOfOwnerByIndex(address owner, uint256 index) → uint256 public`

See {IERC721Enumerable-tokenOfOwnerByIndex}.

### Function `totalSupply() → uint256 public`

See {IERC721Enumerable-totalSupply}.

### Function `tokenByIndex(uint256 index) → uint256 public`

See {IERC721Enumerable-tokenByIndex}.

### Function `approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) public`

See {IERC721-approve}.

### Function `getApproved(uint256 tokenId) → address public`

See {IERC721-getApproved}.

### Function `setApprovalForAll(address operator, bool approved) public`

See {IERC721-setApprovalForAll}.

### Function `isApprovedForAll(address owner, address operator) → bool public`

See {IERC721-isApprovedForAll}.

### Function `transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public`

See {IERC721-transferFrom}.

### Function `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) public`

See {IERC721-safeTransferFrom}.

### Function `safeTransferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) public`

See {IERC721-safeTransferFrom}.

### Function `_safeTransfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) internal`

Safely transfers `tokenId` token from `from` to `to`, checking first that contract recipients

are aware of the ERC721 protocol to prevent tokens from being forever locked.

`_data` is additional data, it has no specified format and it is sent in call to `to`.

This internal function is equivalent to {safeTransferFrom}, and can be used to e.g.

implement alternative mechanisms to perform token transfer, such as signature-based.

Requirements:

- `from` cannot be the zero address.

- `to` cannot be the zero address.

- `tokenId` token must exist and be owned by `from`.

- If `to` refers to a smart contract, it must implement {IERC721Receiver-onERC721Received}, which is called upon a safe transfer.

Emits a {Transfer} event.

### Function `_exists(uint256 tokenId) → bool internal`

Returns whether `tokenId` exists.

Tokens can be managed by their owner or approved accounts via {approve} or {setApprovalForAll}.

Tokens start existing when they are minted (`_mint`),

and stop existing when they are burned (`_burn`).

### Function `_isApprovedOrOwner(address spender, uint256 tokenId) → bool internal`

Returns whether `spender` is allowed to manage `tokenId`.

Requirements:

- `tokenId` must exist.

### Function `_safeMint(address to, uint256 tokenId) internal`

Safely mints `tokenId` and transfers it to `to`.

Requirements:

     d*

- `tokenId` must not exist.

- If `to` refers to a smart contract, it must implement {IERC721Receiver-onERC721Received}, which is called upon a safe transfer.

Emits a {Transfer} event.

### Function `_safeMint(address to, uint256 tokenId, bytes _data) internal`

Same as {xref-ERC721-_safeMint-address-uint256-}[`_safeMint`], with an additional `data` parameter which is

forwarded in {IERC721Receiver-onERC721Received} to contract recipients.

### Function `_mint(address to, uint256 tokenId) internal`

Mints `tokenId` and transfers it to `to`.

WARNING: Usage of this method is discouraged, use {_safeMint} whenever possible

Requirements:

- `tokenId` must not exist.

- `to` cannot be the zero address.

Emits a {Transfer} event.

### Function `_burn(uint256 tokenId) internal`

Destroys `tokenId`.

The approval is cleared when the token is burned.

Requirements:

- `tokenId` must exist.

Emits a {Transfer} event.

### Function `_transfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) internal`

Transfers `tokenId` from `from` to `to`.

 As opposed to {transferFrom}, this imposes no restrictions on msg.sender.

Requirements:

- `to` cannot be the zero address.

- `tokenId` token must be owned by `from`.

Emits a {Transfer} event.

### Function `_setTokenURI(uint256 tokenId, string _tokenURI) internal`

Sets `_tokenURI` as the tokenURI of `tokenId`.

Requirements:

- `tokenId` must exist.

### Function `_setBaseURI(string baseURI_) internal`

Internal function to set the base URI for all token IDs. It is

automatically added as a prefix to the value returned in {tokenURI},

or to the token ID if {tokenURI} is empty.

### Function `_approve(address to, uint256 tokenId) internal`

Approve `to` to operate on `tokenId`

Emits an {Approval} event.

### Function `_beforeTokenTransfer(address from, address to, uint256 tokenId) internal`

Hook that is called before any token transfer. This includes minting

and burning.

Calling conditions:

- When `from` and `to` are both non-zero, ``from``'s `tokenId` will be

transferred to `to`.

- When `from` is zero, `tokenId` will be minted for `to`.

- When `to` is zero, ``from``'s `tokenId` will be burned.

- `from` cannot be the zero address.

- `to` cannot be the zero address.

To learn more about hooks, head to xref:ROOT:extending-contracts.adoc#using-hooks[Using Hooks].
